c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.exe.config
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.exe
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.pdb
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.dll
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.pdb
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.pdb
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.xml
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.g.resources
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.exe
c:\users\dimitris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.pdb
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.exe.config
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.exe
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.pdb
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.exe
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.pdb
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.pdb
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.pdb
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.xml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.g.resources
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogMetrics.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogMetrics.xml
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.exe.config
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.exe
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.pdb
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.exe
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogSample.pdb
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.dll
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogMetrics.dll
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.pdb
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.pdb
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Seq.xml
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\SerilogMetrics.xml
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.g.resources
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\obj\Debug\SerilogSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.xml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Interception.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\gdp1\Dropbox\SerilogSample\SerilogSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
